README.md, before:

# Create T3 App

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

Commit message:

handle like with api calls

README.md, after:

# Junior Developer Test Assessment

## Run the code

## Creation of the project

This repository is the second version of the test assesment. 
In the first version I started directly with the implementation of the NFT display. Using the Alchemy API I was able to quickly display the NFTs of the 20Mint collection. But I quickly ran into an obstacle when I wanted to implement the authentication with the metamask wallet and Next-auth library. While looking for solutions I found a very complete [article](https://codingwithmanny.medium.com/combine-sign-in-with-ethereum-with-create-t3-app-8f54604caeeb) explaining how to create a full-stack web3 application using t3-app.
I quickly decided to start the project from scratch with a more solid base.

## How does the App works ?

The T3-app template provide a minimal project with several librairies already installed:

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

We use NextAuth to handle authentication, Prisma to handle database managment and tRCP for routing.

### Authentication
### Database
### Routing

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## What's next? How do I make an app with this?

We try to keep this project as simple as possible, so you can start with just the scaffolding we set up for you, and add additional things later when they become necessary.

If you are not familiar with the different technologies used in this project, please refer to the respective docs. If you still are in the wind, please join our [Discord](https://t3.gg/discord) and ask for help.

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [Prisma](https://prisma.io)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io)

## Learn More

To learn more about the [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/), take a look at the following resources:

- [Documentation](https://create.t3.gg/)
- [Learn the T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/en/faq#what-learning-resources-are-currently-available) — Check out these awesome tutorials

You can check out the [create-t3-app GitHub repository](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app) — your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.
